README.md, before:

# andela_fast_food_fast

Fast-Food-Fast is a food delivery service app for a restaurant.

# Andela Fast Food Fast

This is a food delivery service app for a restaurant to emanble customers order Fast Food and also enable the restorant add complete or decline orders.

This app is hosted at https://sokopaulsokool.github.io/andela_fast_food_fast/UI/

### How Get Started On The Project

- Clone the project to your computer

```
    git clone https://github.com/SokoPaulSokool/andela_fast_food_fast.git
```

- Browse in the UI folder and open inde.html in any browser

### How The User Interface works For The Customer

- User clicks login if he/she has an account then can login using email and password
- User clicks create account if he/she has does not have an account then can create account by providing username, email and password
- When user logs in he/she can view the menu and a list of his/her orders if he/she had made some orders
- When the user clicks on the cart button on any item in the menu, a dialog prompting the user to enter the quantity appears. The user can then enter quantity and the item is added on the user's order list

### How The User Interface works For The Admin

Commit message:

edit readme add how admin users the interface

README.md, after:

# andela_fast_food_fast

Fast-Food-Fast is a food delivery service app for a restaurant.

# Andela Fast Food Fast

This is a food delivery service app for a restaurant to emanble customers order Fast Food and also enable the restorant add complete or decline orders.

This app is hosted at https://sokopaulsokool.github.io/andela_fast_food_fast/UI/

### How Get Started On The Project

- Clone the project to your computer

```
    git clone https://github.com/SokoPaulSokool/andela_fast_food_fast.git
```

- Browse in the UI folder and open inde.html in any browser

### How The User Interface works For The Customer

- User clicks login if he/she has an account then can login using email and password and selects customer
- User clicks create account if he/she has does not have an account then can create account by providing username, email and password
- When user logs in he/she can view the menu and a list of his/her orders if he/she had made some orders
- When the user clicks on the cart button on any item in the menu, a dialog prompting the user to enter the quantity appears. The user can then enter quantity and the item is added on the user's order list

### How The User Interface works For The Admin

- User clicks login if he/she has an account then can login using email and password and selects customer
- User will need to contact the admin if he/she does not know the admin password
- When user logs in he/she can view the a list of customers orders.
- When user can then accept or decline an order
- When user accepts order, the order is added to list of pending orders for completion.
- When user delivers the order he/she can then complete the order.

- When user clicks menu button, he/she can see list of menu items
- User can then add, delete or edit item
